Allow a user mount to be excluded from the chown at startup. (#127)
felddy/foundryvtt-docker: README.md

| Name  | Purpose | Default |
|-------|---------|---------|

> | `CHOWN_EXCLUDE_USER_MOUNT` | Specify a mount point to be excluded when during the `chown` step during startup. This is useful if you want mount a volume as read only inside `/data` (e.g. mounting a volume that contains assets in `/data/Data/asssets`). | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CONTAINER_PRESERVE_OWNER` | Normally the ownership of the `/data` directory and its contents are changed to match that of the server at startup.  Setting this to a regular expression will exclude any matching paths and preserve their ownership.   _Note: This is a match on the whole path, not a search._  This is useful if you want mount a volume as read-only inside `/data` (e.g.; a volume that contains assets mounted at `/data/Data/assets`).  | |
```

(and sort it after `CONTAINER_PRESERVE_CONFIG`)
